Rework bootstrapping docs (#2129)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/install_windows.rst

-----------------------------------------------------
.. tag knife_windows_summary

> The ``knife windows`` subcommand is used to interact with Windows systems managed by Chef Infra. Nodes are configured using WinRM, which allows native objects---batch scripts, Windows PowerShell scripts, or scripting library variables---to be called by external applications. The ``knife windows`` subcommand supports NTLM and Kerberos methods of authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``knife windows`` subcommand is used to interact with Windows systems managed by Chef Infra. Nodes are configured using WinRM, which allows external applications to call native objects like batch scripts, Windows PowerShell scripts, or scripting library variables. The ``knife windows`` subcommand supports NTLM and Kerberos methods of authentication.
```
